An overview of the ondri-nibs organization
================

# ondri-nibs <img src='etc/ondrinibs_hex.png' align="right" height="139"/>

The `ondri-nibs` page is an organization page for the Ontario
Neurodegenerative Disease Research Initiative’s (ONDRI) Neuroinformatics
& Biostatistics (NIBS) team to house materials for public (and internal)
consumption.

Generally, this organization page has multiple repositories, each
repository contains a unique item (e.g., Shiny apps, packages) or
conceptual content (e.g., documentation). This page will provide links
to each of those as the project grows and changes.

To note, all materials here are licensed as follows unless otherwise
stated:

  - GPL-3 for software

  - CC-BY for documentation

If you use or adapt any materials here, please ensure you correctly do
so according to their licenses and with full attribution.

# contributors <img src='etc/contributors_hex.png' align="right" height="139"/>

This [repository](https://github.com/ondri-nibs/contributors) is a
single file to keep track of all contributors to the NIBS material
provided here.

<br><br>

# ondridocs <img src='etc/ondridocs.png' align="right" height="139"/>

This [repository](https://github.com/ondri-nibs/documentation) is a home
for all the external facing (and some internally useful) documentation.

<br><br>

# toy data <img src='etc/toy_data_hex.png' align="right" height="139"/>

This [repository](https://github.com/ondri-nibs/toy_data) provides two
“toy” data sets. These data sets help illustrate a few things:

  - Each one shows how a tabular and non-tabular data set would be
    constructed

  - The data are synthetic, and also provide an illustrative data set
    for use with all of the apps and methods here (e.g., standards, data
    preparation, outlier detection)

# ondricolors <img src='etc/ondricolors.png' align="right" height="139"/>

This [repository](https://github.com/ondri-nibs/ondricolors) houses a
lightweight `R` package designed with one purpose: to provide a color
palette package with the official ONDRI colors.

<br><br>

# ondridown <img src='etc/ondridown_hex.png' align="right" height="139"/>

This [repository](https://github.com/ondri-nibs/ondridown) houses a
lightweight package to provide an `RMarkdown` template so that we can
have harmonized looking documents.

<br><br>

# Standards (Shiny) App <img src='etc/standards_app_hex.png' align="right" height="139"/>

This [repository](https://github.com/ondri-nibs/standards_app) houses a
heavy-duty app to check data standards for ONDRI and related projects,
as well as custom projects and basic data checks.

# And more\!

This organization page will also include apps and packages for data
preparation, and outlier detection, amongst other things as they are
developed.
